Adjust case of major and minor severity for CodeClimate reporting (#5523)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

  Rename SwiftLintBuildToolPlugin.
  Add Swift Package Manager installation instructions.  
  [garricn](https://github.com/garricn)
  

> * Adjusting CodeClimate Reporter output to have lower case severity
>   values for use in Gitlab and other CodeClimate compatible tools can 
>   import the report without modification.
>   [waitButY](https://github.com/waitbutY)

Reviewer: Please append two spaces to the end of the description. They are required to enforce a line break in the rendered Markdown. Also, the important aspect is compliance with the spec:
```suggestion
* Fix Code Climate reporter output by having lower case severity
  values to comply with the Code Climate specification.  
  [waitButY](https://github.com/waitbutY)
```
